README.md, before:

# To-do Learning List

A curated and personal to-do learning list for the things I want to learn and be better at.

*Note: ◌ denotes the things I am learning currently.*

## Docker
- [X] [Docker for the Absolute Beginner - Hands On](https://kodekloud.com/p/docker-for-the-absolute-beginner-hands-on)
- [ ] [Docker - SWARM | SERVICES | STACKS - Hands-on](https://kodekloud.com/p/docker-swarm-services-stacks-hands-on)

## Kubernetes
- [ ] ◌ [Kubernetes For The Absolute Beginner - Hands On](https://kodekloud.com/p/kubernetes-for-the-absolute-beginners-hands-on)
- [ ] [Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) with Practice Tests](https://kodekloud.com/p/certified-kubernetes-administrator-with-practice-tests)
- [ ] [Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)](https://kodekloud.com/p/kubernetes-certification-course)

## Computer Science Books
- [ ] ◌  [Deep Learning Book](https://www.deeplearningbook.org/)
- [ ] [Competitive Programmer’s Handbook](https://cses.fi/book/book.pdf)

## Mathematics Books
- [ ] [Mathematical Methods For Physics and Engineering](https://luiarthur.github.io/assets/ams211/mathbook.pdf)

## Be Better at Version Control 
- [X] [Learn git concepts, not commands](https://dev.to/unseenwizzard/learn-git-concepts-not-commands-4gjc)
- [ ] [Git Concepts I Wish I Knew Years Ago](https://dev.to/g_abud/advanced-git-reference-1o9j)

## Research Papers
- [X] [Paper: Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search](https://vk.com/doc-44016343_437229031?dl=56ce06e325d42fbc72)
- [X] [Paper: Mastering Chess and Shogi by Self-Play with a General Reinforcement Learning Algorithm](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.01815.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: A Neural Probabilistic Language Model](http://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume3/bengio03a/bengio03a.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Efficient Estimation of Word Representations in Vector Space](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.3781.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Sequence to Sequence Learning with Neural Networks](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5346-sequence-to-sequence-learning-with-neural-networks.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Neural Machine Translation by Jointly Learning to Align and Translate](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.0473)
- [ ] [Paper: Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)
- [ ] [Paper: BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805)
- [ ] [Paper: XLNet: Generalized Autoregressive Pretraining for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.08237)
- [ ] [Paper: Synonyms Based Term Weighting Scheme: An Extension to TF.IDF](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/306362767_Synonyms_Based_Term_Weighting_Scheme_An_Extension_to_TFIDF)
- [ ] [Paper: RoBERTa: A Robustly Optimized BERT Pretraining Approach](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.11692)
- [ ] [Paper: GLUE: A Multi-Task Benchmark and Analysis Platform for Natural Language Understanding](https://www.nyu.edu/projects/bowman/glue.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Amazon.com Recommendations Item-to-Item Collaborative Filtering](https://www.cs.umd.edu/~samir/498/Amazon-Recommendations.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Collaborative Filtering for Implicit Feedback Datasets](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download;jsessionid=34AEEE06F0C2428083376C26C71D7CFF?doi=10.1.1.167.5120&rep=rep1&type=pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: BPR: Bayesian Personalized Ranking from Implicit Feedback](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.2618.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Factorization Machines](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/classes/fa17/cse291-b/reading/Rendle2010FM.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Wide & Deep Learning for Recommender Systems](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.07792.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Neural Factorization Machines for Sparse Predictive Analytics](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Farxiv.org%2Fpdf%2F1708.05027.pdf&h=AT3VuDk1rSqAkgo1x79wl9FXtb7SFMT01B1MXLMvp0O8syX2BuHYB70EJkMwVngQtShj0yTTn6laoRQ3I7StkJQJ9j1b8DiHM7gXNv7dWvL9S_khSF4wWZA9No70BhewiggJ8a8Pa0jTnq4_ppOIsk-qDYVkyJM5QuoSSg)
- [ ] [Paper: Multiword Expressions: A Pain in the Neck for NLP](http://lingo.stanford.edu/pubs/WP-2001-03.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: PyTorch: An Imperative Style, High-Performance Deep Learning Library](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.01703.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: ALBERT: A LITE BERT FOR SELF-SUPERVISED LEARNING OF LANGUAGE REPRESENTATIONS](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.11942.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-supervised Visual Feature Learning with Deep Neural Networks: A Survey](https://arxiv.org/abs/1902.06162)
- [ ] [Paper: A Simple Framework for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05709.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-Supervised Learning of Pretext-Invariant Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01991)
- [ ] [Paper: FixMatch: Simplifying Semi-Supervised Learning with Consistency and Confidence](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.07685)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-Labelling via Simultaneous Clustering and Representation Learning](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/research/self-label/)
- [ ] [Paper: A Survey on Contextual Embeddings](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.07278v1)
- [ ] [Paper: A survey on Semi-, Self- and Unsupervised Techniques in Image Classification](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.08721)
- [ ] [Paper: Shortcut Learning in Deep Neural Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07780)
- [ ] [Paper: Multi-document Summarization by using TextRank and Maximal Marginal Relevance for Text in Bahasa Indonesia](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338940065_Multi-document_Summarization_by_using_TextRank_and_Maximal_Marginal_Relevance_for_Text_in_Bahasa_Indonesia)
- [ ] [Paper: Train Once, Test Anywhere: Zero-Shot Learning for Text Classification](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.05972)
- [ ] [Paper: Zero-shot Text Classification With Generative Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10165)
- [ ] [Paper: How to Fine-Tune BERT for Text Classification?](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05583)
- [ ] [Paper: Universal Sentence Encoder](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.11175)
- [ ] [Paper: Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information](https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.04606)
- [ ] [Paper: Deep Learning Based Text Classification: A Comprehensive Review](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.03705)
- [ ] [Paper: Language Models are Few-Shot Learners](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14165.pdf)

Commit message:

Added Reinforcement Learning, CMD and Linux Administration

README.md, after:

# To-do Learning List

A curated and personal to-do learning list for the things I want to learn and be better at.

*Note: ⚫ denotes the things I am learning currently.*

## Docker
- [X] [Docker for the Absolute Beginner - Hands On](https://kodekloud.com/p/docker-for-the-absolute-beginner-hands-on)
- [ ] [Docker - SWARM | SERVICES | STACKS - Hands-on](https://kodekloud.com/p/docker-swarm-services-stacks-hands-on)

## Kubernetes
- [ ] ⚫ [Kubernetes For The Absolute Beginner - Hands On](https://kodekloud.com/p/kubernetes-for-the-absolute-beginners-hands-on)
- [ ] [Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) with Practice Tests](https://kodekloud.com/p/certified-kubernetes-administrator-with-practice-tests)
- [ ] [Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)](https://kodekloud.com/p/kubernetes-certification-course)

## Computer Science Books
- [ ] ⚫ [Deep Learning Book](https://www.deeplearningbook.org/)
- [ ] [Competitive Programmer’s Handbook](https://cses.fi/book/book.pdf)

## Mathematics Books
- [ ] ⚫ [Mathematical Methods For Physics and Engineering](https://luiarthur.github.io/assets/ams211/mathbook.pdf)

### Be Better At Using Command Line
- [ ] [Bash Academy](http://guide.bash.academy)
- [ ] [Bash Programming](http://tldp.org/HOWTO/Bash-Prog-Intro-HOWTO.html)
- [ ] [Codecademy: Learn the Command Line](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-the-command-line)
- [ ] ⚫ [CONQUERING THE COMMAND LINE](http://conqueringthecommandline.com/book)
- [ ] [Datacamp: Introduction to Shell for Data Science](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/introduction-to-shell-for-data-science)
- [ ] [Datacamp: Data Processing in Shell](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/data-processing-in-shell)
- [ ] [LaunchSchool: Introduction to Commandline](https://launchschool.com/books/command_line)
- [ ] [Learn Enough Command Line to be dangerous](http://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial)
- [ ] [Thoughtbot: Mastering the Shell](https://thoughtbot.com/upcase/mastering-the-shell)
- [ ] [Thoughtbot: tmux](https://thoughtbot.com/upcase/tmux)
- [X] [Udacity: Linux Command Line Basics](https://www.udacity.com/course/linux-command-line-basics--ud595)
- [ ] [Udacity: Linux Web Servers](https://www.udacity.com/courses/ud299)
- [ ] [Udacity: Shell Workshop](https://www.udacity.com/course/shell-workshop--ud206)
- [ ] [Udacity: Web Tooling & Automation](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-tooling-automation--ud892)
- [ ] [Web Bos:  Command Line Power User](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP218aBHm1Q&list=PLu8EoSxDXHP7tXPJp5ZmUpuT7sFvrswzf&index=2)

## Be Better at Version Control 
- [X] [Learn git concepts, not commands](https://dev.to/unseenwizzard/learn-git-concepts-not-commands-4gjc)
- [ ] [Git Concepts I Wish I Knew Years Ago](https://dev.to/g_abud/advanced-git-reference-1o9j)

## Reinforcement Learning
- [X] [YouTube: RL Course by David Silver](https://youtu.be/2pWv7GOvuf0)

## Linux Administration
- [] [The Linux Basics Course](https://kodekloud.com/p/the-linux-basics-course)

## Research Papers
- [X] [Paper: Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search](https://vk.com/doc-44016343_437229031?dl=56ce06e325d42fbc72)
- [X] [Paper: Mastering Chess and Shogi by Self-Play with a General Reinforcement Learning Algorithm](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.01815.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: A Neural Probabilistic Language Model](http://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume3/bengio03a/bengio03a.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Efficient Estimation of Word Representations in Vector Space](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.3781.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Sequence to Sequence Learning with Neural Networks](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5346-sequence-to-sequence-learning-with-neural-networks.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Neural Machine Translation by Jointly Learning to Align and Translate](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.0473)
- [ ] [Paper: Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)
- [ ] [Paper: BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805)
- [ ] [Paper: XLNet: Generalized Autoregressive Pretraining for Language Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.08237)
- [ ] [Paper: Synonyms Based Term Weighting Scheme: An Extension to TF.IDF](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/306362767_Synonyms_Based_Term_Weighting_Scheme_An_Extension_to_TFIDF)
- [ ] [Paper: RoBERTa: A Robustly Optimized BERT Pretraining Approach](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.11692)
- [ ] [Paper: GLUE: A Multi-Task Benchmark and Analysis Platform for Natural Language Understanding](https://www.nyu.edu/projects/bowman/glue.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Amazon.com Recommendations Item-to-Item Collaborative Filtering](https://www.cs.umd.edu/~samir/498/Amazon-Recommendations.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Collaborative Filtering for Implicit Feedback Datasets](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download;jsessionid=34AEEE06F0C2428083376C26C71D7CFF?doi=10.1.1.167.5120&rep=rep1&type=pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: BPR: Bayesian Personalized Ranking from Implicit Feedback](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.2618.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Factorization Machines](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/classes/fa17/cse291-b/reading/Rendle2010FM.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Wide & Deep Learning for Recommender Systems](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.07792.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Neural Factorization Machines for Sparse Predictive Analytics](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Farxiv.org%2Fpdf%2F1708.05027.pdf&h=AT3VuDk1rSqAkgo1x79wl9FXtb7SFMT01B1MXLMvp0O8syX2BuHYB70EJkMwVngQtShj0yTTn6laoRQ3I7StkJQJ9j1b8DiHM7gXNv7dWvL9S_khSF4wWZA9No70BhewiggJ8a8Pa0jTnq4_ppOIsk-qDYVkyJM5QuoSSg)
- [ ] [Paper: Multiword Expressions: A Pain in the Neck for NLP](http://lingo.stanford.edu/pubs/WP-2001-03.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: PyTorch: An Imperative Style, High-Performance Deep Learning Library](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.01703.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: ALBERT: A LITE BERT FOR SELF-SUPERVISED LEARNING OF LANGUAGE REPRESENTATIONS](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.11942.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-supervised Visual Feature Learning with Deep Neural Networks: A Survey](https://arxiv.org/abs/1902.06162)
- [ ] [Paper: A Simple Framework for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05709.pdf)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-Supervised Learning of Pretext-Invariant Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01991)
- [ ] [Paper: FixMatch: Simplifying Semi-Supervised Learning with Consistency and Confidence](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.07685)
- [ ] [Paper: Self-Labelling via Simultaneous Clustering and Representation Learning](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/research/self-label/)
- [ ] [Paper: A Survey on Contextual Embeddings](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.07278v1)
- [ ] [Paper: A survey on Semi-, Self- and Unsupervised Techniques in Image Classification](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.08721)
- [ ] [Paper: Shortcut Learning in Deep Neural Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07780)
- [ ] [Paper: Multi-document Summarization by using TextRank and Maximal Marginal Relevance for Text in Bahasa Indonesia](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338940065_Multi-document_Summarization_by_using_TextRank_and_Maximal_Marginal_Relevance_for_Text_in_Bahasa_Indonesia)
- [ ] [Paper: Train Once, Test Anywhere: Zero-Shot Learning for Text Classification](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.05972)
- [ ] [Paper: Zero-shot Text Classification With Generative Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10165)
- [ ] [Paper: How to Fine-Tune BERT for Text Classification?](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05583)
- [ ] [Paper: Universal Sentence Encoder](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.11175)
- [ ] [Paper: Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information](https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.04606)
- [ ] [Paper: Deep Learning Based Text Classification: A Comprehensive Review](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.03705)
- [ ] [Paper: Language Models are Few-Shot Learners](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14165.pdf)
