mathematics/README.md, before:

## Mathematics Books
- [ ] [Mathematical Methods For Physics and Engineering](https://luiarthur.github.io/assets/ams211/mathbook.pdf)
- [ ] [Infinite Powers: How Calculus Reveals the Secrets of the Universe](https://www.amazon.com/Infinite-Powers-Calculus-Reveals-Universe/dp/1328879984)
- [ ] [The Mathematical Mechanic: Using Physical Reasoning to Solve Problems](https://www.amazon.com/Mathematical-Mechanic-Physical-Reasoning-Problems/dp/0691154562)
- [ ] [The Art Of Probability](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Probability-Richard-W-Hamming/dp/0201406861)

## Mathematics
- [X] [Khan Academy: Differential Calculus](https://www.khanacademy.org/mission/differential-calculus)
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Essence of Calculus](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDMsr9K-rj53DwVRMYO3t5Yr)
	- [X] [The Essence of Calculus, Chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUvTyaaNkzM) `0:17:04`
	- [X] [The paradox of the derivative | Essence of calculus, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vKqVkMQHKk) `0:17:57`
	- [X] [Derivative formulas through geometry | Essence of calculus, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0_qX4VJhMQ) `0:18:43`
	- [X] [Visualizing the chain rule and product rule | Essence of calculus, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG15m2VwSjA) `0:16:52`
	- [X] [What's so special about Euler's number e? | Essence of calculus, chapter 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2MIpDrF7Es) `0:13:50`
	- [X] [Implicit differentiation, what's going on here? | Essence of calculus, chapter 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb40J4N1fa4) `0:15:33`
	- [X] [Limits, L'Hôpital's rule, and epsilon delta definitions | Essence of calculus, chapter 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfF40MiS7zA) `0:18:26`
	- [X] [Integration and the fundamental theorem of calculus | Essence of calculus, chapter 8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfG8ce4nNh0) `0:20:46`
	- [X] [What does area have to do with slope? | Essence of calculus, chapter 9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnJqaIESC2s) `0:12:39`
	- [X] [Higher order derivatives | Essence of calculus, chapter 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLkz5LGWihw) `0:05:38`
	- [X] [Taylor series | Essence of calculus, chapter 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d6DsjIBzJ4) `0:22:19`
	- [X] [What they won't teach you in calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfW845LNObM) `0:16:22`
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)
	- [X] [Vectors, what even are they? | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNk_zzaMoSs) `0:09:52`
	- [X] [Linear combinations, span, and basis vectors | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7RM-ot2NWY) `0:09:59`
	- [X] [Linear transformations and matrices | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYB8IZa5AuE) `0:10:58`
	- [X] [Matrix multiplication as composition | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkY2DOUCWMU) `0:10:03`
	- [X] [Three-dimensional linear transformations | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHLEWRxRGiM) `0:04:46`
	- [X] [The determinant | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip3X9LOh2dk) `0:10:03`
	- [X] [Inverse matrices, column space and null space | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQhTuRlWMxw) `0:12:08`
	- [X] [Nonsquare matrices as transformations between dimensions | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8VSDg_WQlA) `0:04:27`
	- [X] [Dot products and duality | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyGKycYT2v0) `0:14:11`
	- [X] [Cross products | Essence of linear algebra, Chapter 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu6i7WJeinw) `0:08:53`
	- [X] [Cross products in the light of linear transformations | Essence of linear algebra chapter 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaM7OCEm3G0) `0:13:10`
	- [X] [Cramer's rule, explained geometrically | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBsC34PxzoM) `0:12:12`
	- [X] [Change of basis | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2LTAUO1TdA) `0:12:50`
	- [X] [Eigenvectors and eigenvalues | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFDu9oVAE-g) `0:17:15`
	- [X] [Abstract vector spaces | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgKwz5Ikpc8) `0:16:46`
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Neural networks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDNU6R1_67000Dx_ZCJB-3pi)
	- [X] [But what is a Neural Network? | Deep learning, chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aircAruvnKk) `0:19:13`
	- [X] [Gradient descent, how neural networks learn | Deep learning, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHZwWFHWa-w) `0:21:01`
	- [X] [What is backpropagation really doing? | Deep learning, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ilg3gGewQ5U) `0:13:54`
	- [X] [Backpropagation calculus | Deep learning, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIeHLnjs5U8) `0:10:17`
- [X] [Khan Academy: Multivariable Calculus](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus)
	- [X] [Thinking about multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/thinking-about-multivariable-function)
	- [X] [Derivatives of multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/multivariable-derivatives)
	- [X] [Applications of multivariable derivatives](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/applications-of-multivariable-derivatives)
	- [ ] [Integrating multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/integrating-multivariable-functions)
	- [ ] [Green's, Stokes', and the divergence theorems](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/greens-theorem-and-stokes-theorem)

- [ ] [Youtube: Visualizing Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyPKqVSnetmEOp_g_hfabuRAs9ET-shl_)
    - [X] [The Neural Network, A Visual Introduction | Visualizing Deep Learning, Chapter 1](https://youtu.be/UOvPeC8WOt8)

Commit message:

Add mathematics book recommendations from 3b1b

mathematics/README.md, after:

## Mathematics Books
- [ ] [Vector Calculus, Linear Algebra, and Differential Forms: A Unified Approach](https://www.amazon.com/Vector-Calculus-Linear-Algebra-Differential/dp/0971576688)
- [ ] [Mathematical Methods For Physics and Engineering](https://luiarthur.github.io/assets/ams211/mathbook.pdf)
- [ ] [Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos](https://www.amazon.com/Nonlinear-Dynamics-Student-Solutions-Manual/dp/0813349109)
- [ ] [Proofs from the book](https://www.amazon.com/Proofs-BOOK-Martin-Aigner/dp/3662572648)
- [ ] [Visual Complex Analysis](https://www.amazon.com/Visual-Complex-Analysis-Tristan-Needham/dp/0198534469)
- [ ] [Visual Group Theory](https://www.amazon.com/Visual-Group-Theory-Problem-Book/dp/088385757X)
- [ ] [Infinite Powers: How Calculus Reveals the Secrets of the Universe](https://www.amazon.com/Infinite-Powers-Calculus-Reveals-Universe/dp/1328879984)
- [ ] [The Mathematical Mechanic: Using Physical Reasoning to Solve Problems](https://www.amazon.com/Mathematical-Mechanic-Physical-Reasoning-Problems/dp/0691154562)
- [ ] [The Art Of Probability](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Probability-Richard-W-Hamming/dp/0201406861)
- [ ] [Ordinary Differential Equations](https://amzn.to/2Vbc1cJ)
- [ ] [The Cauchy-Schwarz Master Class: An Introduction to the Art of Mathematical Inequalities](https://www.amazon.com/Cauchy-Schwarz-Master-Class-Introduction-Mathematical/dp/052154677X)

## Mathematics
- [X] [Khan Academy: Differential Calculus](https://www.khanacademy.org/mission/differential-calculus)
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Essence of Calculus](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDMsr9K-rj53DwVRMYO3t5Yr)
	- [X] [The Essence of Calculus, Chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUvTyaaNkzM) `0:17:04`
	- [X] [The paradox of the derivative | Essence of calculus, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vKqVkMQHKk) `0:17:57`
	- [X] [Derivative formulas through geometry | Essence of calculus, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0_qX4VJhMQ) `0:18:43`
	- [X] [Visualizing the chain rule and product rule | Essence of calculus, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG15m2VwSjA) `0:16:52`
	- [X] [What's so special about Euler's number e? | Essence of calculus, chapter 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2MIpDrF7Es) `0:13:50`
	- [X] [Implicit differentiation, what's going on here? | Essence of calculus, chapter 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb40J4N1fa4) `0:15:33`
	- [X] [Limits, L'Hôpital's rule, and epsilon delta definitions | Essence of calculus, chapter 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfF40MiS7zA) `0:18:26`
	- [X] [Integration and the fundamental theorem of calculus | Essence of calculus, chapter 8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfG8ce4nNh0) `0:20:46`
	- [X] [What does area have to do with slope? | Essence of calculus, chapter 9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnJqaIESC2s) `0:12:39`
	- [X] [Higher order derivatives | Essence of calculus, chapter 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLkz5LGWihw) `0:05:38`
	- [X] [Taylor series | Essence of calculus, chapter 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d6DsjIBzJ4) `0:22:19`
	- [X] [What they won't teach you in calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfW845LNObM) `0:16:22`
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)
	- [X] [Vectors, what even are they? | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNk_zzaMoSs) `0:09:52`
	- [X] [Linear combinations, span, and basis vectors | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7RM-ot2NWY) `0:09:59`
	- [X] [Linear transformations and matrices | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYB8IZa5AuE) `0:10:58`
	- [X] [Matrix multiplication as composition | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkY2DOUCWMU) `0:10:03`
	- [X] [Three-dimensional linear transformations | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHLEWRxRGiM) `0:04:46`
	- [X] [The determinant | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip3X9LOh2dk) `0:10:03`
	- [X] [Inverse matrices, column space and null space | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQhTuRlWMxw) `0:12:08`
	- [X] [Nonsquare matrices as transformations between dimensions | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8VSDg_WQlA) `0:04:27`
	- [X] [Dot products and duality | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyGKycYT2v0) `0:14:11`
	- [X] [Cross products | Essence of linear algebra, Chapter 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu6i7WJeinw) `0:08:53`
	- [X] [Cross products in the light of linear transformations | Essence of linear algebra chapter 11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaM7OCEm3G0) `0:13:10`
	- [X] [Cramer's rule, explained geometrically | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBsC34PxzoM) `0:12:12`
	- [X] [Change of basis | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2LTAUO1TdA) `0:12:50`
	- [X] [Eigenvectors and eigenvalues | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFDu9oVAE-g) `0:17:15`
	- [X] [Abstract vector spaces | Essence of linear algebra, chapter 15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgKwz5Ikpc8) `0:16:46`
- [X] [3Blue1Brown: Neural networks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDNU6R1_67000Dx_ZCJB-3pi)
	- [X] [But what is a Neural Network? | Deep learning, chapter 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aircAruvnKk) `0:19:13`
	- [X] [Gradient descent, how neural networks learn | Deep learning, chapter 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHZwWFHWa-w) `0:21:01`
	- [X] [What is backpropagation really doing? | Deep learning, chapter 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ilg3gGewQ5U) `0:13:54`
	- [X] [Backpropagation calculus | Deep learning, chapter 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIeHLnjs5U8) `0:10:17`
- [X] [Khan Academy: Multivariable Calculus](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus)
	- [X] [Thinking about multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/thinking-about-multivariable-function)
	- [X] [Derivatives of multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/multivariable-derivatives)
	- [X] [Applications of multivariable derivatives](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/applications-of-multivariable-derivatives)
	- [ ] [Integrating multivariable functions](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/integrating-multivariable-functions)
	- [ ] [Green's, Stokes', and the divergence theorems](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/multivariable-calculus/greens-theorem-and-stokes-theorem)

- [ ] [Youtube: Visualizing Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyPKqVSnetmEOp_g_hfabuRAs9ET-shl_)
    - [X] [The Neural Network, A Visual Introduction | Visualizing Deep Learning, Chapter 1](https://youtu.be/UOvPeC8WOt8)
